this is Tyler today I got myself 64
gigabytes and disk micro sd card to my
HTC m8 I wanted to see if it would work
with a big card in this phone the
SanDisk 64 gigabyte came in the ex fact
format the it worked in the ma didn't
have to format to fat32 has had to do on
some other phones so the good thing with
the expert format is that you can
transfer large files over four gigabyte
to the car so now it's possible to view
pic MTV files directly from the card so
let's take a look on the phone I go into
the MX player here and let let us take a
look yeah and we see it's seven point
one gigabyte big so normally a big file
like this was not possible on the fat32
format because the limit on fat32 is
apart but on the expert this is
possible with a 64 gigabyte SD card so
let me try to take the kickass film me
so check this out I have sometimes in
the language and care update you're in
uh I'm trying to figure out how to
explain this without yes and like the
close-up TARDIS options yeah I'm not
sure as possible Batman
I'm not either um okay well when I found
you guys online you were all swapping
these awesome origin stories I mean Carl
your eggs for Christ's sake yo don't
take the Lord's name in vain and not
like in summarize the sub-query so yes
this is really cool
that it's now possible to transfer
really big files to a SD card and play
them directly on device like the HTC m8
actually it doesn't read the card if
it's in fat32 so just let be in the
exFAT format that the cuts come with so
what you need is an m8 or another new
device and maybe also the Samsung s5
support expect format I think so
and all new devices but all the devices
may not support then you have to get a
64 gigabyte SD card class 10 card and
when you get it you can check if it's in
the expert format then you take your PC
and transfer a big file to the to the
card or you connect the USB cable to the
phone and do it there and yes that's it
after that
you can watch the big movies directly on
the phone if you want so this was my
short demonstration and test and info
about the MKV format on phones you don't
have to convert anymore like in old days
so if you like my videos please like and
subscribe to my channel bye bye